Words added to wordlist.txt to tackle the spellcheck errors thrown (#73)
kubeslice/docs: versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/uninstalling-kubeslice/offboarding-namespaces.mdx

> # off-boarding Namespaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Offboarding Namespaces
```

## Introduction 

> Off-boarding namespaces from slice is an easy and straightforward process. This topic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offboarding namespaces from slice is an easy and straightforward process. This topic
```

> describes the steps to off-board namespaces before you delete your slice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
describes the steps to offboard namespaces before you delete your slice.
```
